docs: :pencil2: small edits to architecture and naming page (#922)
seedcase-project/seedcase-sprout: docs/design/architecture/index.qmd

---
title: "Architecture"
---

This documentation contains the architectural designs that are specific

> to Sprout. For designs on Seedcase overall, see the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to Sprout. For design details on Seedcase as a whole, see the
```
Just trying to rewrite "designs on"

[Design](https://design.seedcase-project.org) documentation.

> The core purpose of these architectural documents are to be able to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The core purpose of these architectural documents is to be able to
```
